meanwhile at least 40 Palestinians have
been killed in Israeli attacks across
Gaza since Saturday evening the
casualties include children in the
cities of hunis and de albala the
injured have been rushed to barely
functioning hospitals the military has
widened operations with aerial and
ground attacks across Central and
Southern
Gaza and there have been more Israeli
overnight strikes on Gaza 10 people were
killed after Israel bombed a house in
Kan yunes let's go to Honey Mahmud who
is live for us in Rafa in southern Gaza
the strikes coming in in the South thick
and fast what more can you tell
[Music]
us yes well the the bombing hasn't
stopped since last night and all the way
to early hour of this morning and just
within the past 45 minutes we we have
confirmed reports of an attack on a
residential home at Alia area that's at
the western side of kanun City a border
line area with Al maasi area an area
that people have taken as a refuge since
uh the beginning of the war as they were
told it's a safe area by the Israeli
military but the fact that this is
happening more than just one time we've
seen in the past two days our
residential home near here Western ra
close to where people uh uh resided and
and and and built and set up their tents
uh seeking Refuge from the horr of this
war it's happening one more time there
are three people reported killed in that
particular uh area and just important to
point out that the al- maasi area is the
area stretches from Western of Dar bah
along the coastal line all the way to ra
City at the Gaza Egyptian border area
has been described largely safe but
unfortunately we seen these repeated
attacks uh on on displ Palestinians just
shatter shatters any sense of Safety and
Security uh and protection uh for them
but the attacks continued in khun in
different parts including the Eastern
side of kanun and the southern part and
the central part of kanun an area that
is very close to Naser hospitals uh the
the only remaining functioning health
facility in that in that area including
the Jordanian health field hospital
within the same vicinity but the fact
that these two facilities have been very
the attack been very close to these two
facilities just making it very risky and
dangerous not only for for residents but
also those who are trying to evacuate
and the medical team and staff who
operate under these unusually difficult
circumstances but we're talking about at
least 17 people in KH units were killed
overnight and early hours this morning
as paramedics and civil defense were
able to get to the targeted area and
pulled people from the area many people
people were pulled from under the rebels
including women and children all
reported to uh Naser Hospital including
the several critically injured uh people
but in central area which is the the
devastation uh at its at its height rate
now particularly after a statement made
by an Israeli military official who
described the central area as a crowded
refugee camps full of terrorists a lot
of people see this as a sentiment in a
preparation for more mass killing and
more more crimes to be committed in the
Central Area Rafa has well took its
share of the bombings almost the Central
and the southern part of Rafa and the
western side where many people are are
happen to be displaced in these areas
and hany what do you make of these
claims by the Israeli Army that hamas's
Command Center in the north of Gaza has
been completely destroyed
is well this is one of the many
allegations that go uh goes on its
challenge uh and particularly at this at
this time when whenever the the Israeli
military is is about to commit something
uh an atrocity or expand an operation it
come up with some of these allegation
that to support uh its position and its
uh uh its strategy uh throughout this
War we've seen this in the past a lot
when there was an allegation about a
shifa hospital that is used as a command
center uh without offering any
substantial evidence whatsoever no
concrete evidence where offered to
support the claim other than the fact
that the health facility the largest in
the go was completely destroyed and
pushed out of out of service we' seen
this also one more time when there were
talks about the destruction of many of
the uh uh Hamas control tunnels in the
nor part and and Gaza City but within
hours or days of that statement we seen
a barrage of rockar being uh are being
fired every time there is an allegation
unfortunately goes on a challenge it the
Israeli military doesn't offer any
substantial evidence whatsoever so far
the statement talks about some 8 8,000
Hamas operatives or Associates have been
eliminated yet if the concrete evidence
in the statement just doesn't doesn't
indicate that the statement is a
credible and and can rely on and that's
why the vast majority of people in Gaza
they actually care less about the Staten
uh uh but they care much about the level
of Destruction that has caused to their
life and to their residential homes
we're talking about an entire northern
part of Gaza being destroyed completely
and we're looking into years ahead of of
of our time to for it to be rebuilt for
schools to get back for colleges and
universities for industrial zones to
oper for it again but to talk about a
statement while at the same time seeing
it being a challenged by actions on the
ground just it's another claim that that
lacks a substantial evidence by the
Israeli
military okay thank you for that hanim
Mahmud there for us in Rafa in southern
Gaza